Updated intro material based on feedback from early users (#69)
LangStream/documentation: README.md

---
description: Build and run Gen AI applications with ease
---

# LangStream Documentation

> LangStream is a framework for building and running Generative AI (Gen AI) applications. It is designed to make it easy to build and run Gen AI applications that can process data in real-time. You can combine the power of Large Language Models (LLMs) like GTP-4 and vector databases like Pinecone with the agility of stream processing to create powerful Gen AI applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LangStream is a framework for building and running Generative AI (Gen AI) applications. It is designed to make it easy to build and run Gen AI applications that can process data in real-time. You can combine the power of Large Language Models (LLMs) like GPT-4 and vector databases like Astra DB and Pinecone with the agility of stream processing to create powerful Gen AI applications.
```
